<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<concept id="elements-demo">
  <title>Element Rendering Demo</title>
  <abstract>
    <p>This topic demonstrates all supported DITA elements rendered as
    Google Docs content.</p>
    <shortdesc>Each section below showcases a different element type with
    its expected visual output.</shortdesc>
  </abstract>
  <conbody>

    <section>
      <title>Nested Lists</title>
      <p>Unordered list with nesting:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Top-level item
          <ul>
            <li>Second-level item
              <ul>
                <li>Third-level item</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>Another second-level item</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Another top-level item</li>
      </ul>
      <p>Ordered list with nesting:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>First step
          <ol>
            <li>Sub-step A</li>
            <li>Sub-step B</li>
          </ol>
        </li>
        <li>Second step</li>
      </ol>
      <p>Mixed list types:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Bullet item with numbered sub-items:
          <ol>
            <li>Numbered child one</li>
            <li>Numbered child two</li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <example>
      <title>Example: Running the Plugin</title>
      <p>The following command converts a DITA map to a Google Doc:</p>
      <codeblock>dita --input=userguide.ditamap --format=googledoc</codeblock>
      <p>The output URL is printed to standard output.</p>
    </example>

    <section>
      <title>Screen Output</title>
      <p>Terminal output is rendered in monospace font:</p>
      <screen>$ dita --input=sample.ditamap --format=googledoc
[INFO] Processing sample.ditamap
[INFO] Created document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1abc.../edit
BUILD SUCCESSFUL in 8s</screen>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Long Quote</title>
      <p>The following is a quotation from the DITA specification:</p>
      <lq>DITA maps are documents that collect and organize references to
      DITA topics to indicate the relationships among the topics. They can
      also serve as outlines or tables of contents for DITA deliverables
      and as build manifests for DITA projects.</lq>
      <p>Long quotes are rendered with italic text and indentation.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Footnotes</title>
      <p>The plugin supports inline footnotes<fn>Footnotes are rendered as
      inline bracketed text rather than true Google Docs footnotes.</fn>
      that appear directly in the text flow. Multiple footnotes<fn>Each
      footnote is numbered sequentially within the document.</fn> are
      supported.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Hazard Statements</title>
      <hazardstatement type="danger">
        <messagepanel>
          <typeofhazard>Electrical shock hazard</typeofhazard>
          <consequence>Contact with live circuits can cause severe injury
          or death.</consequence>
          <howtoavoid>Disconnect all power sources before opening the
          equipment enclosure.</howtoavoid>
        </messagepanel>
      </hazardstatement>
      <hazardstatement type="caution">
        <messagepanel>
          <typeofhazard>Data loss</typeofhazard>
          <consequence>Unsaved changes will be lost if the service is
          restarted.</consequence>
          <howtoavoid>Save all work before performing maintenance
          operations.</howtoavoid>
        </messagepanel>
      </hazardstatement>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Definition List</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>DITA</dt>
          <dd>Darwin Information Typing Architecture. An XML-based standard
          for authoring, producing, and delivering technical
          documentation.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>DITA-OT</dt>
          <dd>DITA Open Toolkit. The reference implementation of the DITA
          specification, providing transforms to various output
          formats.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>DITAVAL</dt>
          <dd>A file format used to filter and flag DITA content based on
          conditional processing attributes such as
          <codeph>audience</codeph>, <codeph>platform</codeph>, and
          <codeph>product</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>

    <note type="tip">Use <codeph>--filter=conditions.ditaval</codeph> to
    apply DITAVAL filtering during the transformation.</note>

    <note type="warning">The Google Docs API has rate limits. For large
    documents, the plugin automatically batches requests and retries on
    throttling errors.</note>
  </conbody>
</concept>
