<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<task id="task-demo">
  <title>Installing the Plugin</title>
  <shortdesc>This task walks you through installing and configuring the
  DITA-to-Google-Docs plugin.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Before you begin, ensure you have the following:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Java 17 or later</li>
        <li>DITA Open Toolkit 4.2 or later</li>
        <li>A Google Cloud project with the Docs API enabled</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context>
      <p>The plugin converts DITA XML content into a formatted Google Doc.
      It supports a wide range of DITA elements and authenticates
      automatically using your existing <codeph>gcloud</codeph> session.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Build the plugin from source.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>Run <codeph>./gradlew bundlePlugin</codeph> on Linux or macOS</choice>
          <choice>Run <codeph>gradlew.bat bundlePlugin</codeph> on Windows</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the plugin into your DITA-OT instance.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Navigate to the DITA-OT installation directory.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Run <codeph>dita install path/to/redhat.dita.googledoc-1.0.0.zip</codeph>.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Choose an authentication method.</cmd>
        <choicetable>
          <chhead>
            <choption>Method</choption>
            <chdesc>When to use</chdesc>
          </chhead>
          <chrow>
            <choption>gcloud CLI</choption>
            <chdesc>Local development with an existing gcloud session</chdesc>
          </chrow>
          <chrow>
            <choption>Service account</choption>
            <chdesc>CI/CD pipelines and automated builds</chdesc>
          </chrow>
          <chrow>
            <choption>OAuth 2.0</choption>
            <chdesc>Interactive usage with browser-based consent</chdesc>
          </chrow>
        </choicetable>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Run the transformation.</cmd>
        <info>Use the standard <codeph>dita</codeph> command with the
        <codeph>googledoc</codeph> format.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>A new Google Doc is created containing your formatted DITA content.
      The document URL is printed to the console.</p>
    </result>
    <postreq>
      <p>After installation, verify the plugin is working by running the
      sample transformation:</p>
      <codeblock>dita --input=sample.ditamap --format=googledoc</codeblock>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
